Revert "Update mention about dynamically generated slot names (#6440)" (#6793)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/basics/astro-components.mdx

:::note

> An astro slot name can not be dynamically generated, such as within a map function. If this feature is needed within UI framework components, it might be best to generate these dynamic slots within the framework itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not possible to dynamically generate an Astro slot name, such as within a map function. If this feature is needed within UI framework components, it might be best to generate these dynamic slots within the framework itself.
```
I know you just faithfully reproduced the old message, but I'd improve a little now that I have the chance! (since search hits tend to be for e.g. "How do I dynamically generate an Astro slot name"
